Studio: [skip studio] functionality (#4090)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/explore-ml-experiments.md

- **Iterative Studio auto-hides irrelevant commits:** Iterative Studio
  identifies commits where metrics, files and hyperparameters did not change and
  hides them automatically.

> - **Iterative Studio auto-hides commits that contain `[skip studio]` in the
>   commit message:** This is particularly useful if your workflow creates
>   multiple commits per experiment and you would like to hide all those commits
>   except the final one. Below is an example:
> 
>   > Suppose you submit hyper-parameter changes by creating a Git commit. Your CI
>   > job gets invoked when the commit is created, starting the model training
>   > process. Suppose your CI job creates a new Git commit with the experiment
>   > results at the end of model training. This new Git commit, therefore,
>   > contains the new values of the hyper-parameters as well as experiment
>   > results (metrics).
>   >
>   > In Iterative Studio, you may want to display only this final commit and
>   > auto-hide the original commit which contains the the new values of the
>   > hyper-parameters but not the experiment results (metrics). In this case,
>   > what you should do is add the string `[skip studio]` to the commit message
>   > when you create the original commit.

Reviewer: This is really verbose IMO, and the block quote is not very clarifying anyway. I would also not call this "automatic" if it's done via a commit message. Are the examples realistic (based on real-life user cases?) Consider something like:

```suggestion

- **Iterative Studio** hides commits that contain `[skip studio]` in their
  message. This is useful when your workflow requires extra commits which
  you do not want to cause another CI job run.
```

Author: This isn't about CI job run. It's about hiding the extra commits in Studio. Also, it's ok to reduce the amount of text, but we do need an example.

Reviewer: Will people really read that example in a huge quote block? Maybe there's a better place to have the example and then just link from here.
